How well does our hardware accommodate the sphere tracing algorithm?
What possible optimizations are there?

// being worked on.
Currently a bit negative in the result, we only need to talk about time 
constraints in scope and discussion.
//

All the initial questions from the planning report don't really need to be 
completed, as they are not a part of the grading criteria.

Move the unimplemented optimizations from Results to Discussion.

6.2 GPU Performance doesn't contain any results

The headings in Results should match the statements in Goals

Add a paragraph to the beginning of Discussion, before 7.1.
Discuss 'future work', stuff we didn't have time to do in discussion

Conclusions: Questions here? It's nice to have these questions referencing the 
rest of the report but we don't want this chapter to be too disparate.

Conclusions 
	reiterate future work that can be done
	six subsections seems a bit much
	shouldn't contain any new information

Abstract
	Avoid references
	no table of contents

Instruction listings in appendix: probably a good idea
assembly language: should probably be in report, mentioned in results and in 
appendix

state of the art? Theory? Implementation? clarify. what is the main focus?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Structure is a bit confusing at the end.

State of the art and Implementation are acceptable headings

References before periods!

Problem Description -> Problem Statement ?

We don't do anything interesting with cache -> don't write anything about it in
Problem statement

Clarify pixel grouping in state of the art, whole section can be expanded 
significantly, up to 10% of whole report.

Expand on differences between clash and traditional hdls already in the state
of the art.

Discuss different Lavas

Include academia in state of the art

Give GPU a name

Maybe move assembly version of software shader info GPU Implementation

Execution model also covers architecture - 'Execution model' might mean very 
different thing to different people

Discussion: what to do with method part??

Conclusions: these questions might be better answered in discussion

References: make sure that all information is properly included

Don't forget square roots!

Adding instruction listings as an appendix is probably a good idea.

Add information about our assembly language.
